#  5/17/2023 Implementation Meeting - 4:00pm to 6:00pm

## Members Present
- Junyi Wu
- Jennifer Yu
- Harish Vasanth
- Vincent Vo
- Hunter Trieu
- Sophia Yu
- Seonghun Oh
- Thanh Nguyen
- Chang Shu
- Angelia Zhang

No members absent for this meeting! :)

### Meeting Location: DIB, 3rd floor

## Agenda
1. Updates from Gagan
2. Implementation stuff

## Meeting Content
### Updates from Gagan
- We should work on setting up Github Issues to fully define our sprints
- ADRs are almost done **due Sunday**
  - Alex will put in any additional ones before Sunday
  - we currently have 3
- CI/CD **due Sunday**
  - talked about the example Gagan showed during the team lead meeting

### CI/CD
- a few of us are putting together the pipeline: specifically linting, unit tests, and code quality

### Implementation stuff
- Sophia + Hunter generated the card assets, found in /source/assets folder
- As we go through implementation we will add our own ADRs from each group or tell Alex if we made any big decisions
- We will add issues as we go along as well
- Seonghun made the recipe generation function!

## Topics for Future Meetings
- Continue working on the implementation
- Add to ADRs as we go
- Finalize any other CI/CD pipeline things
