#  5/24/23 Implementation Meeting - 4:00pm to 6:00pm

## Members Present
- Junyi Wu
- Jennifer Yu
- Harish Vasanth
- Vincent Vo
- Hunter Trieu
- Sophia Yu
- Seonghun Oh
- Chang Shu
- Angelia Zhang

### Meeting Location: Design and Innovation Lab, 3rd Floor

## Agenda
1. Groups for this week's lab
2. Sprint review
3. Retrospective
4. Team status video
5. Implementation

## Meeting Content
### Updates from Gagan
- Since Code Climate / Codacy are paid we don't have to implement these into our pipeline

### Groups for this week's lab
- Swapping for Harish since he and Thanh have worked together on a previous lab
  - Hunter and Harish
  - Seonghun and Thanh
- Groups found on Slack (Alex sent a screenshot in #general)

### Sprint review
- Conducted the sprint review meeting and shared what we've done this sprint
- Closed issues based on this
- meeting notes found in `/admin/meetings` folder

### Retrospective
- Conducted the retrospective meeting
- Shared positive and negative notes about what we've done so far
  - we'll try to improve based on these
- meeting notes found in `/admin/meetings` folder

### Team status video
- **due Tuesday, May 30**
- Each implementation group has artifacts (screen recordings, pictures, gifs, etc.) that we can use for the video
- Taking stuff from sprint review and retrospective meetings 

### Implementation
- each group working on their respective tasks for this sprint!

## Topics for Future Meetings
- the next CI/CD pipeline checkpoint deadline not known yet
  - need unit tests and documentation
  - want to add prettier (code quality)
  - think about the code quality score idea from Prof. Powell
- any more ADRs that should be added before the next checkpoint as well
